in this video,
we're going to speak about changing the options for the sub totals in pivot tables.
So sub totals are the totals for certain feels in your pivot tables,
and let's see how we can change them.
So if we select any cell in our pivot table and then go to design tab on the ribbon and
then under the Laila Group here,
there is an option called sub totals.
So Weaken choose to not show the sub totals.
So the subtitles here,
for example,
are settles here bold ID for product one and product to.
And so for each product here,
these air sub totals So subtitles a usually actually bold ID.
So if we choose to not show the subtitles,
you'll see that they will disappear.
There you go.
And then you could choose to show also toes at the bottom of a group.
This way we will have the subtitle for each product at the bottom.
Here she can see air suitable for product wins a total for product to at the bottom off the
group and then show all subtitles at top of the group.
You will see that the subtitles will move back to the top,
and that is the original layout that we had previously.
Also,
when you add more fields under the rose section here,
you will see that there will be a subtitle for all the fields except the lost one.
So basically,
if we had a fueled for the region,
for example here,
so we'll have product name and then sales person and then region on the roads sections you
can see here.
You'll see here we will have a sub total now for the product and then acceptable for the
sales person.
But we will not have a sub total for the region because this is the lost item,
basically the bottom most item in the row section.
This item does not have a subtitle because each item is basically it's a total.
It doesn't need to have a subtitle there.
No items to break it down with.
Basically.
So this is how you can change septal options in pivot tables.
Thanks for watching us see on the next one